[low note resonates, intensifying]
[Yasuke] This is all we have?
We're a school.
You said you were a resistance.
Hmm.
In progress.
That's why we need you.
[quietly] Hmm.
We're not prepared for this.
We'll be slaughtered.
Perhaps we give them what they want.
Protect the village.
That is not an option.
The longer they stay here,
the less likely we leave here alive.
No one is leaving anything.
The girl came here for protection.
So, we make a stand and fight.
[footsteps approaching]
[door opens]
[panicked]
He's here! The Dark General, he's here!
[armor clinking]
[wind howling]
["Black Gold" by Flying Lotus playing]
♪ Brought in a world ♪
♪ World so brand new
Endless possibilities ♪
♪ A whole new identity ♪
♪ Can't you see? ♪
♪ Black gold of the sun ♪
♪ Open up your eyes ♪
♪ Open up your heart ♪
♪ And feel the sunshine ♪
♪ Black diamond ♪
♪ I just want to be ♪
♪ Where I'm supposed to be ♪
♪ And that's right here with you ♪
♪ Don't mistake my kindness for weakness ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm strong, you see ♪
♪ Stronger than you'll ever be ♪
♪ Loyal to me ♪
♪ Someone to call my friend ♪
♪ Whenever you need me ♪
♪ I'll be right here ♪
♪ Love and loyalty ♪
♪ Trust and honesty ♪
♪ I'll never let go ♪
[ominous music plays]
[Morisuke] We thought
they'd never find us. We were wrong.
We have little time now.
[sighs]
Are you sure he'll take the bait?
He will.
For all our sake, I hope you're right.
If not, I fear this day will end
as it did all those years ago.
-[thumping]
-[Saki moans]
[groaning] Ya-- Yassan!
[groans]
Saki, what's wrong?
[shimmering sound]
-Get out of my head!
-[Yasuke] Saki!
Stay back.
The Daimyo is reaching out
to her on the Astral Plane.
To do what?
The Daimyo is from the ancient times.
Even someone like her cannot live forever.
Saki's powers can rejuvenate her,
helping her live another century.
-[moans]
-Saki.
How do we stop it?
She must be using the Dark General
as a conduit to connect to her mind.
How much time do we have?
Not long.
I may be able to assist,
but she will have to fight this herself.
She's not ready for that.
You're no match for him, Yasuke.
Not with the Daimyo's dark magic
on his side.
Will your men be in position?
They'll make it.
Bring her back.
I will.
[whooshing]
[urgent, ethereal music playing]
Saki.
-[Saki, echoing] Help me!
-[distant rumbling]
[panting]
[slow drumbeats thud]
Today, we fight for the future of Japan.
[horse whinnies]
[light drum rhythm plays]
[horse neighs]
The village
will not surrender to people like you.
[wind whistles]
I wish to settle this.
The old way.
[exhales deeply]
[horse nickers]
[horse snorts]
[in harsh voice] Yasuke,
I should have killed you
along with Nobutada,
but I granted you mercy that night.
Mitsuhide, what has become of you?
There's still time for you.
We can unite
and save Japan from this horror.
You continue to follow
the false teachings of a dead man.
Look at yourself.
It is the Daimyo
that feeds you these lies.
She has twisted your soul
and turned you against your own people.
It was Nobunaga who turned his back
on our people when he took you in!
I helped liberate them
from his toxic ways,
and now Japan lives.
Japan lives in fear.
The Daimyo's reign is hell on earth.
You don't know hell, but I will show you.
But first, I will break your spirit.
Then your body!
[dramatic choral swell]
There is no honor to be had here.
Only pain and blood.
-[grunts]
-[clanging]
[wind whooshing]
[laughs]
[grunting]
[rhythmic electronic music plays]
[groans]
-[laughs]
-[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
You stormed our gates with the enemy.
Your betrayal
ate away at Nobunaga's heart.
He's dead because of you.
Or is he dead
because his loyal servant
chopped off his head?
-[soft whooshing]
-[rumbling]
-Saki.
-[gasps]
I'm cold. I can't move.
It's okay.
I'm going to get you out of here.
Are we…?
[Morisuke] We are in the Astral Plane.
A spiritual place between life and death.
[pulsing, shimmering sound]
[gasps] What's happening?
Saki, I need you to listen to me.
What happens next will be painful.
It will feel like being ripped in half.
You'll need to concentrate
and try to keep yourself together.
I don't understand!
-[pulsing intensifies]
-[Saki screams]
You don't have time to understand.
[Daimyo, echoing] Morisuke.
You will not claim this child.
[eerie note resonates]
I already have.
The devil reveals herself
from the shadows.
Just as the sun sets, darkness falls.
It is neither good nor bad,
just the natural order of creation itself.
And now that balance
tilts towards the night.
I am the dark.
[whooshing]
[pulsing blasts]
This child is under my protection.
You shall not have her.
[whooshing]
[shimmering sound]
[groaning]
[screaming]
[grunts]
[suspenseful electronic music plays]
Is that all you got?
[sighs]
Perhaps your body
will break before your spirit.
[grunts lightly, sighs]
[running footsteps]
The old way does not suit you.
It never did.
You're right.
The old way does not suit me.
That's why I lied.
-What?
-Now!
[mellow electronic music plays]
[groaning, grunting]
[pulsing whoosh]
[pulsing whooshes]
What is this?
You flanked us?
You were stalling?
[shouting]
Finally, a challenge!
[battle cries approaching]
[yells]
[swords clang]
[grunting softly]
[labored breathing]
[Saki gasps]
[stifled] Help me!
Hold on, Saki!
-[shimmering sound]
-[Saki panting]
[Daimyo] Your magic
is impressive for a mortal,
but this is only
your first visit to the Astral Plane.
I was trapped here for hundreds of years,
molded by it.
[shimmering blasts]
[wind howling]
[Morisuke] Saki, can you hear me?
I am communicating to you
through a telekinetic link.
[Saki] What is happening to me?
[Morisuke] The Daimyo is absorbing you
into her astral force.
When complete,
your power will become her power.
[Saki] What happens to me?
[Morisuke] You will cease to exist.
[Saki] Please, Morisuke. Help me!
[pulsing blasts]
[Morisuke] I do not have the power
to help you. She's too strong.
Only you can defeat her.
[Saki] How? I can't move!
[Morisuke]
You are in the metaphysical world.
You don't have to move.
You are connected to all living things.
Their power is an extension of yours.
Tap into it.
[Saki] I'm scared. I can't do this.
[Morisuke] Yes, you can. Free your mind.
[light shimmering sound]
[mellow electronic music plays]
[whoosh]
[ethereal note resonates]
[bright shimmering sound]
[Saki] I can feel it.
[gasps]
[bright shimmering sound]
[ethereal hum]
[hum intensifying]
-[hum peaks and stops]
-[yelling]
[loud crash]
[men screaming]
[shattering, shimmering sound]
[jagged tinkling]
Huh?
[shimmering, pulsing sound]
[pulsating whoosh]
So, you learned
how to tap into the life force.
And now I will defeat you!
Little girl.
You still have so much to learn.
[grunts]
[Daimyo laughing]
Hmm…
[grunts softly]
[explosions]
We can help them.
It's too dangerous.
If we lose you, we lose everything.
There's nothing we can do.
Maybe there is.
[man groaning, grunts]
[retching, panting]
[Mitsuhide] What is happening to me?
[unsettling music plays]
No. No, no. No!
[grunting]
-[swords clashing]
-[grunting]
[men shouting]
[soldiers grunting, groaning]
[Mitsuhide] Go through the mountain.
Blast through the mountain!
[crackling]
[whooshing]
[boom]
[wind whooshing]
[pulsating whoosh]
[resounding crash]
It seems the Daimyo's dark magic
no longer courses through you.
I don't need her magic
to defeat you, servant!
-[both grunting]
-[swords clanging]
[energized electronic music plays]
[rumbling]
-[crackling]
-[boom]
[all shouting]
[grunts]
[energized electronic music playing]
Don't look surprised.
You really thought
you could outmaneuver me in battle?
Now this village will fall,
just like all the others.
No one can withstand our might.
[Yasuke grunts]
[men whimpering]
-[blasts]
-[boom]
[whirring, boom]
[men shouting]
[jagged tinkling]
[loud thud]
[steady drum rhythm plays]
[whirring]
-[boom]
-[grunting]
Ice cold.
Please, no.
[clamor of battle continues]
[arrows whizzing]
I hate to interrupt this dance,
but if you don't mind,
I brought a lady to cut in with.
No holding back for once.
This I like.
[growls, roars]
[men shouting]
Change to pulse rounds.
Affirmative, pilot.
[pulsing, blasting]
[steady drumbeat plays]
[supernatural hum]
[intensifying whoosh]
[grunting]
It's over, Mitsuhide.
That's not my name, servant.
I am the Dark General!
[screams]
[coughing]
[groans weakly]
The Black Samurai.
[coughing]
[wheezing]
You will always be a servant,
no matter what armor you wear.
I serve no man.
[chuckles]
[hissing]
-[people gasping, murmuring]
-[indistinct murmuring]
Yassan!
-[indistinct chattering]
-[Saki sighs]
You made it.
I went to a place called the Astral Plane.
It has colorful clouds
and stars and black holes.
[woman] Wow.
[overlapping whispers]
Thank you for your assistance.
Where's the money
we were promised for helping?
Hmm?
What money?
The girl spoke to us in our heads,
told us to come here and help fight,
and we would be paid double our rate.
[mellow music playing]
[sighs] There's a lot
we must catch you up on.
I'm sure we could come to some agreement.
[villager] She's so tall.
And strong.
So, you're a samurai?
Yes, I am.
A Black samurai?
And here I thought I'd seen it all.
Not bad, Chernyy.
Not bad at all.
[crows cawing]
[beeping]
[alert blaring]
[woman] Will you
shut that thing up already?
[robot] The trackers indicate incoming.
[woman] Look for yourself, my friend.
Everyone is dead.
We killed them. Wouldn't mind
doing it again, if you ask me.
Friend is a word used to describe
someone you're happy to spend time with.
Yeah. I guess you could say that.
I enjoy killing people with you.
I guess that makes us… friends.
Hmm.
Yes, friends.
[alert blaring]
Okay, you're malfunctioning again.
It's fine. We all have our problems.
[blaring continues]
Readings indicate
multiple targets incoming, and fast.
Where?
It should be here right about… now.
[thunder rumbles]
Do you see anything yet?
Ishikawa!
[sharp whoosh]
[thud]
What was that?
Rust Bucket, what's going on over there?
Huh? Ishikawa?
Friend?
Friend, sensors indicate
that you are dead.
Is this a malfunction, Ishikawa?
[breathing shakily]
I…
[dramatic drumbeats thud]
[whooshing]
[Yasuke] Cover!
[shimmering sound]
-Are you okay?
-Yes.
Friend.
[distant rumbling]
-Huh?
-[gasps]
What?
-[rumbling approaches]
-[rapid drumbeats play]
Close the gates.
Haruto, come. The gates are closing.
Let's go, big guy!
[thrusters whooshing]
[Nikita] No, Haruto!
[beeping]
Self-destruct sequence activated in
ten, nine, eight…
[all panting]
We have to get Saki to the temple.
This is no time to pray, old man.
It seems you made Daimyo very mad.
…four, three, two, one.
Goodbye, friend.
[silence]
[whooshing]
[all shouting]
[grunting, coughing]
-[people gasping]
-Let's go.
[all shouting]
[unsettling music plays]
[all panting]
Nikita!
[all grunting]
Let's see how many of you I kill.
[growls]
[fires crackling]
[roars]
[snarling, straining]
[ethereal whistling]
[growling]
[groaning]
This is not a plan, Morisuke.
We have to get out of here.
[Morisuke] The Daimyo will never stop.
The Dark Army
will always return as long as she lives.
[chains rattling, clinking]
[door creaking]
Take this secret passage.
It will lead you out past the ridge.
-From there, you must go to--
-I know where to go.
Of course you do. Take the girl.
No, she stays.
-You can't defeat her.
-[Yasuke] I'll figure it out.
She's too powerful.
You'll die. We'll all die.
When we were on the Astral Plane,
Saki drove the Daimyo back.
She has the power to defeat her.
She's our only hope.
There's no turning back once we leave.
All right, let's go kill a witch.
No, I need you to stay here
and help defend the women and children.
Sorry, old man.
I don't do chains and dungeons.
I'll triple your rate.
You two kill the witch lady.
After all,
I believe that children are the future.
[door creaks]
["Between Memories" by Flying Lotus plays]
[girl laughing]
♪ I want in, not waiting ♪
♪ We're out to leave now ♪
♪ Don't worry 'bout the weather
We're setting out together ♪
♪ I want in, not waiting ♪
♪ We're out to leave now ♪
♪ Don't worry 'bout the weather
We're setting out together ♪
[female vocalizing]
[indistinct chatter]
-[female vocalizing]
-♪ Come on ♪
[girl laughing]
♪ Come on ♪